add(platform): BYOC AWS MS2 (#389)
aiven/aiven-docs: docs/platform/howto/byoc/enable-byoc.md

Enabling [the bring your own cloud (BYOC) feature](/docs/platform/concepts/byoc) allows you to [create custom clouds](/docs/platform/howto/byoc/create-custom-cloud) in your Aiven organization.

> To enable [BYOC](/docs/platform/concepts/byoc), go to use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable [BYOC](/docs/platform/concepts/byoc), open the
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Can we remove or shorten the text (17-22)? The process to enable BYOC is explained in detail a bit further down the page
